Now the demons reappear
There will be a catastrophe in the world
Only the four of us work together
To find a life in this catastrophe
Great Xia
Chiang Ya is coming
May the late skies
Please step forward
I am willing to fight for the common people
Die without regrets
Longer nightmare
There are always times when it is torn apart by the morning light
Summon all forces
Fight to the death with the devil
I'm waiting for a few first orders
I can feel the demons coming back to life
More powerful than ever
I must find the last scattered cultivation base
Return to the tenth level of domination
Have a chance to fight it
But
Where will this last cultivation base be?
Now, even if our four sects join forces
I'm afraid it's not a match for the Sky Demon Army
If you can say
Take the legendary Zixiao Holy Land and join forces with us
Presumably, the demons will also be afraid of our power
Although Zixiao Holy Land has been a hermit for many years
Strength is no small matter
Far from being comparable to our sects
Zixiao Holy Land